apt-get-update-plus(8) -- secure combined apt-get update and apt-get dist-upgrade
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# This file is part of Whonix.
# Copyright (C) 2012 - 2018 ENCRYPTED SUPPORT LP <adrelanos@riseup.net>
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS
`apt-get-update-plus` `[option]s`

## Description
Runs two commands. One after another:

1) `/usr/lib/security-misc/apt-get-wrapper update`

2) `apt-get [option]s`

`/usr/lib/security-misc/apt-get-wrapper` would fail (exit non-zero) in case of
any apt sources are unavailable. In such cases `apt-get-update-plus` would
stop.

In other words, `apt-get [option]s` gets only run if the previously run
`apt-get update` was successsful.

No options are passed to `/usr/lib/security-misc/apt-get-wrapper`. Use
`apt_get_wrapper_pre` / `apt_get_wrapper_post` for that. In other words,
no options are passed to `apt-get update`.

All `[option]s` are passed to `apt-get`.

## Environment Variables

`apt_get_update_wrapper`

By setting apt_bin the user can use another program other than `/usr/lib/security-misc/apt-get-wrapper`.

`apt_get_wrapper_pre`

Parameters before apt_get_wrapper_pre.

`apt_get_wrapper_post`

Parameters after apt_get_wrapper_pre.

`apt_bin`

By setting apt_bin the uer could use another program other than apt-get.

`apt_get_pre`

Parameters before apt_bin.

`apt_get_post`

Parameters after apt_bin.

## Examples
sudo apt-get-update-plus dist-upgrade

sudo apt-get-update-plus install xfce4

sudo apt_bin=apt-get-noninteractive apt-get-update-plus dist-upgrade

sudo apt_bin=apt-get-noninteractive apt-get-update-plus dist-upgrade -o Dpkg::Options::=--force-confold

## AUTHOR
This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
